docs/index.md, before:

---
title: Nurture and Blossom Behaviour Consulting
layout: page
date: 2025-08-22T03:09:46+09:30
home_banner_image: "images/widegraph-banner.png"
home_banner_image_hide_mobile: true
intro_image: "images/hands-graph.jpg"
intro_image_absolute: false
intro_image_hide_on_mobile: true
show_call_box: true
---
# Nurturing skills, cultivating futures

ABN 81 936 143 390

**Helping children grow through play, connection, and evidence-based support.**

I provide warm, neuro-affirming therapy for children with developmental delays, tailored to each child and family. With a play-based and fun approach, I come to you at home, childcare, or in the community across Adelaide.

My strategies draw on behavioural principles such as prompting, reinforcement, and gradual shaping to teach new skills step by step.


**I can support your child to:**
  - Learn to communicate and express themselves
  - Build play and leisure skills
  - Develop self-care and independence
  - Strengthen social and emotional skills
  - Reduce barriers to daily life, such as difficulties with transitions, waiting, or tolerating “no”
  - Increase confidence with routines like haircuts, nail trimming, and toothbrushing

Commit message:

Jeff Tate site initial based off previous client.

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Jeff Tate Consulting
layout: 1page
date: 2026-01-07T03:09:46+09:30
home_banner_image: "images/wide-bg.jpg"
home_banner_image_hide_mobile: true
show_call_box: true
---
# Jeff Tate Consulting

Jeff Tate Consulting Pty Ltd was formed by Jeff Tate in November 2011 and has since undertaken projects in South Australia, New South Wales, Queensland, Tasmania and Victoria.

Jeff is a specialist in policy and strategy development, review and implementation; organisational alignment; partnering and relationships; governance; problem solving; leadership mentoring and coaching; and facilitation and negotiation. He also partners with other quality specialist consultants to meet the individual needs of clients.

He has extensive experience in the local government sector including almost 20 years as Chief Executive. As Chief Executive of the City of Onkaparinga for over 14 years, the largest local authority in South Australia created from an amalgamation of three former Councils, Jeff led the organisation to become a high performing organisation with a national reputation for innovation in meeting current and emerging needs of its communities.

Jeff is also an experienced Board member and is currently the Chair of the South Australian Coast Protection Board.

The consultancy has assisted Not for Profit, Local and State Government organisations in a wide range of areas, including:
-  Organisational reviews and governance – transformation, role clarity, alignment with strategy, systems, structure, performance
-  Policy development and review
-  Strategic planning
-  Regional collaboration and shared services
-  Elected Member and staff workshops and facilitation
-  CEO performance reviews
-  Prudential reports
-  Mentoring and advice
-  Environment – stormwater management, wastewater, River Murray community projects, waste management, energy, green buildings
-  Regional economy – business growth intentions
-  Local and State Government collaboration
-  Amalgamation and boundary change processes.

## Jeff Tate Consulting Pty Ltd

ABN 80 152 792 919
